 Shivaji was born in the hill fort of Shivnari, near the city of Jhana, which is now in Pune district. Scholars disagree on his date of birth. The government of Maharajtra lists the 19th of February as a holiday commemorating Shivaji's birth, Shivaji Gianti. Shivaji was named after a local deity, the goddess Shivai Devi. Shivaji belonged to a marathon family of the Pantsal clan. Shivaji's father, Shaheji Pantsal, was a marathon general who served the Dakhan Sultanates. His mother was Jajaybhai, the daughter of Lakhuji Jadavaraya of Sankt, a macaulaline sada claiming descent from a Yadaf royal family of Devajayri. His paternal grandfather Malaji was an influential general of Ahmedniga Sultanate and was awarded the epithet of Raja. He was given Deshmukha rights of Pune, Sube, Shaken and Indrapa to provide four military expenses. He was also given fort Shivnari for his family's residence. At the time of Shivaji's birth, Power in the Dakhan was shared by three Islamic Sultanates, Bhai Japa, Ahmedniga, Golkonda and the Mughal Empire. Shaheji often changed his loyalty between the Nizam's Ha'haya of Ahmedniga, the Adil Shah of Bajjapa and the Mughals, but always kept his Jajja, Feeftum, at Pune and his small army. In 1636, the Adil Shah high Sultanate of Bajjapa invaded the kingdoms to its south. The Sultanate had recently become a tributary state of the Mughal Empire. It was being helped by Shaheji, who at the time was achieved and in the Marathur uplands of Western India. Shaheji was looking for opportunities of rewards of Jajja land in the conquered territories, the taxes on which he could collect as an annuity. Shaheji was a rebel from brief Mughal service. Shaheji's campaigns against the Mughals, supported by the Bhai Japa government, were generally unsuccessful. He was constantly pursued by the Mughal army and Shivaji and his mother Jajja Bhai had to move from fort to fort. In 1636, Shaheji joined in the service of Bajjapa and obtained Pune as a grant. Shaheji, being deployed in Bangalore by the Bajjapa Ori Rulah Adil Shah, appointed Dada Jikon Dada as Pune's administrator. Shivaji and Jajja Bhai settled in Pune. Konday Dada died in 1647 and Shivaji took over its administration. One of his first acts directly challenged the Bhai Japa Ori government.